Callout `storage` parameter is now optional in uploads (#588)
directus/docs: content/guides/05.files/1.upload.md

```

```js [SDK]
import { createDirectus, rest, uploadFiles } from "@directus/sdk";

const directus = createDirectus("https://directus.example.com").with(rest());

const formData = new FormData();

> formData.append("storage", "s3"); // optional, defaults to first STORAGE_LOCATIONS

Reviewer: As this is now considered “just another property” and we are covering it in the note below, this should be unnecessary.

Author: Was just a reminder in case they only check the direct implementation 😅

Reviewer: IMO that is fine, as stated we have the note which will show for all.

The file contents has to be provided in a property called `file`. All other properties of
the file object can be provided as well, except `filename_disk` and `filename_download`.

You can optionally provide a `storage` property to specify which storage location to use. If omitted, it defaults to

> the first location configured in the `STORAGE_LOCATIONS` environment variable.

Reviewer: Let's simplify this and move it to a note

```suggestion

::callout{icon="material-symbols:info" color="info"}
If `storage` is not specified, it defaults to the first location listed in [`STORAGE_LOCATIONS`](/configuration/files#storage-locations).
::
```
